return and you can
I found a pair of all the gods
I hurt
here is the injured driver he sits there in
car and here's what they say
officers are still beaten up
I was sitting in the car that he was beaten up now
witnesses ipat machine
here you called people want to on
place in front of people
illuminated the driver so that he did not run away
responsibility and
mind transplanted turn
before leaping here which is made resolved for
driving was shown key now
lost to this glad Kherson is
turn out circle 1 decided worth the airport
disk area
public transport stop on
really here i do it which you
speed here on the bench
over there guys stand 4 they ran out
Immediately I mean there were people here
the rise of the accident on this dog
people
ask you feel like so
it turned out that you drove to a stop you
didn't run
stop the object itself here are people show
They say that you watched the wheel
unpacking
what said
which capacitor and that judge you don't see
didn't run by force how did it happen
someone passengers were in that car yes
I understand you have not passed the connection
will become
limiting but you will refuse
or
like
and here the movement sat while bounced
and a few people at the wrong time just
a million few qi moves do
swim in the car is something lane
which he accidentally play was suddenly there
shavae
not a normal size cookie clear
so that they are ok but everything is going
in my turn and responsibility I think
no one will escape
32 gigabytes of my case and we
this flash drive with them information and us
it will be clear that he was driving like where
ran you we wait for the investigator nothing
do not worry do not give, let us
we will be a former police officer and then by
my police officers are not and
were not the driver
until clogged when he was taken immediately
Immediately at the police for greedy inspections
got his crust it personally as soon as
drove the staff of a delyuga collecting it
struck for it in the face yet from the section
you are not just once it's just nobody
understands how anyone would be there
tea just sitting on his take
identity still disgrace i hall
normal guys who are policemen
I'll kill it
foreign relatives of the document
arrange
to find out
you know
essentially nests a little bit
because we have information with
your resonators are very simple
he beat me up and snatched u not approved for
man is clear it's just yours
yet my testimony against what
show i say so arcanum me your
listened position there is a video camera
which fixes this all this appeal
we'll see people will appreciate this situation
It will be a court case that is correct
such a
Of course you are like a fox cheap and more
not normal, I guess so
it is impossible the tongues are the language that I need
blurt out of course very surprised when
ends pps this accident
as it turned out man
trimmed short is an employee
because to him the staff of the university to
inspections clamped desired him means
tomorrow is likely
all Kherson if all Ukraine sees
this person and I will say for sure
really he is an employee or not
employee but what is on that
the registrar I am not tomorrow you
people will look and give a rating
employee can you no longer employees
or not yesterday just backdated
for this car accident in the form of a video
facts that will be on the registrar
given full I think that
you will make your assessment of this situation
and whether it is worth attracting these people labor
literacy kim works so they come from
am and and restored
just touching our not here is anti
even public flogging was such
to weaken
In general, guys, everyone, while the situation is, I'm already
I do not know further there is no sense of it
I call a taxi and I will go
home, thank you all bye